[RNMobile] Fix undo/redo history when inserting a link configured to open in a new tab (#50460)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/react-native-editor/CHANGELOG.md

-   [*] Fix crash when trying to convert to regular blocks an undefined/deleted reusable block [#50475]
-   [**] Tapping on a nested block now gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depeding on the nesting levels. [#50108]
-   [*] Use host app namespace in reusable block message [#50478]

> -   [**] Fix bug affecting undo and redo history when instering a link configured to open in a new tab [#50460]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [**] Fix bug affecting undo and redo history when inserting a link configured to open in a new tab [#50460]
```

> -   [**] Fix bug affecting undo and redo history when inserting a link configured to open in a new tab [#50460]

Reviewer 2: Given these are notes intended to be user-facing, do you think it would be beneficial to add more details regarding the fixed bug? 

```suggestion
-   [**] Configuring a link to open in a new tab no longer results in a partial loss of edit history (undo and redo) [#50460]
```
